Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create a loading spinner to tell the user that, hey, your account
is being created and you have to wait till it finishes, okay?
To do this, the first step is to create a variable and you can already have this variable.
The reason for this is because we copied most of the code.
Okay, so over here we have a variable which is called it's loading and we are setting it to a value
of force.
And over here we said it is a type of bull with either a true and a false value.
If you don't have this variable, you can just create it now.
The next step is to scroll down to where we have the sign of function.
And over here we have to set state, set state.
And the reason we are setting the state is because we basically want to update the UI.
You can see over here we currently have this test which says sign up.
And if all these fields are filled in, then we want to update this sign of test to another widget.
That is the Circular Progress Indicator.
So what this says states will do is it automatically refresh the UI.
The set state is very similar to that of using control and save, but we would always want to use the
control and as a save in order to get the recent changes.
So that is what the set states will basically do.
It will automatically restart our hub behind the same.
So if all the fields are filled in, then we want to set state right and we want to change the this
variable called it's loading.
Is Lowden.
And we want to change it to.
True.
So he's going to start loading.
Is Lowden.
Okay.
Just try and save and the value you can see we are how we tend for the process.
That is, it's going to take some time to create the user in the Firebase orders.
And because of that we have to tell Flutter we are ready to wait for the process.
That is, we want this to finish first before all the stuff like this will have to start.
Else if you if you remove this away and remove this away, most of the time this boat is going to get
called off same time.
So over your ways and there are ways to tell Flutter, we want this code to run first before running
the order.
Okay.
So now over your business saving the data in the cloud faster.
So what we can do after successfully creating the accounts and the Firebase cards in the Firebase tab
and over here we are going to store the seller's details to the cloud faster.
And after that, we can then set state again.
So update the UI again, set state.
And now we want to set state is loading.
It is going to be equal to force.
Okay.
Great.
And this is basically it's both.
What we can also do is we can make this a bit more cleaner or a bit more readable, just like the simple
English.
To do this, we can get rid of this.
And at the end of our year it has a property known as DOT when completes.
You can see that when completes and it is a function.
So what we are basically saying after this has been successfully stored in the cloud store and after
it has been must have been completed, then only we want to set state.
So I think it is more visible like this and it's slowed in.
Is going to be equal to what's forced to stop the loading spinner.
Force.
Okay.
And now we have to implement that finally and we have to head back to sign up to create the Circular
Progress Indicator.
And over here you can see we already have it.
The reason for this is because we copied most of the code.
But in case you don't have it, to make your life much more easier for you can can do this again.
Okay.
Now, you can see we have just this test.
We just.
And it has the value of sign up.
So what we can do is we can then call that variable is slowed in.
It's loaded and if it's equal to true.
Right.
And you can see currently we are setting it to true.
That is immediately the user clicks on the signup and if the fields are filled in is equal to true.
And currently once we click on it, it's going to be equal to true.
Then we want to return a widget known as secular.
Hopefully I get another prediction.
Circular Progress Indicator.
And it is a widget and it has a background color property and even the color property.
But we're just going to give a color and we can say colors that scene or sign.
I think it's called sign because the sign.
Okay.
Get rid.
Else.
If it is equal to true wealth, if it is not equal to two, then we want to show that this is contrary
and as to save now.
And what we can do is to try this out.
And I am going to pick an image from my gallery.
And when they pick this beautiful lady over there and is asking for the full name, remember, the full
name is is seen as the store name.
Probably you could just rename this to say store name and instead of full name for the full name, I'm
just going to use a test.
User Test user Ord says store.
And for the email address is going to be test.
Tests or.
HUD's Gmail its card and for the password is going to be a Y and a C.
I can just check to make sure it is correct and click on the sign up.
Okay.
You can see currently.
Oh, we said the color is going to be okay.
What we can just do, I can just call this process by auto starting.
You can see we can barely see this because the background is sign and we are saying the circular progress
indicator is also going to be signed.
So it's going to be difficult to see.
So what we can do, we can make this.
White.
Okay.
Use control and save now.
And.
We have to try this again.
And now back to the site of creating accounts.
And we're just going to pick this one.
Most of the time you would want to have the store image.
Okay for the store name.
This is going to be test two in case that goes created test to test to store.
And test.
To stir.
Emile.
It's calm.
And the password is B.J. Macy.
We're just going to be sure it is correct.
And click on sign up.
You can see now the.
The loading spinner, and we just have to wait for this a bit.
Okay.
Seems good working as expected.
So after it has been successfully created.
You can see it's going to stop the load and Spain is going to set into force because that is what we're
basically saying, that when complete, when this is fully complete and over here you can see we are
also set in our form.
And over here you can see we are updating the image to know.
Okay.
Seems good.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.